James Turell is a great inspiration for me because of his ability to affect environments through light. It is amazing to me to think of light as a medium for artistic expression which is what inspired me in the creation of my first project for physical computing. I designed a light box that uses an LDR sensor to determine what values of red, green and blue to output onto a LED strip based on how much light there is within the room the box is placed in. 
	I was able to design this project by setting up two circuit systems on a breadboard. The first circuit allows for an LDR sensor to get inputs on the amount of light it is receiving and reports that information to the raspberry pi. The second circuit connects the LED strip to a power source and to the raspberry pi. Each of the three colors for the LED (red, green, and blue) are connected to an NPN transistor where each pin is responsible for a different task: emitting, serving as the base, and collecting. This allows for different information to be sent to each of the color values in the LED strip, so the strip can emit a variety of colors.
	When I was making my code, I used different equations to determine what the values of each of the different colors on the LED should be. I decided that when it was darker I wanted there to be more red and when it was lighter I wanted there to be more blue. I decided to do this because I was thinking about how on rainy or gloomy days, I wouldn’t want there to be more blue within my space. For the green value I gave the equation for it an inverse parabola so when the blue and red values are more in the middle, the green will really pop out. 
	In my research, I looked at theories discussing how “Blue light makes us energetic and can interrupt sleep patterns if exposed to around bedtime due to the fact that blue light suppresses melatonin levels” while “Red light in the evening can help improve mental health. This is because red light in the evening helps increase the secretion of melatonin which leads to better sleep at night” (TCP). These theories work with my decisions to make the red light more prevalent in darker spaces while the blue light is more present when it is lighter within the space.
	Regarding the usefulness of my project, I think it acts more as a piece of art instead of having utility. While I think colored light can occasionally add a layer of ambience or mood to a room, I also think in a lot of circumstances the colored aspect of the light could get a little irritating and I don’t think my object could necessarily light up an entire room. Instead, I think my object offers something that is interesting to look at, and allows for people to reflect on how light around them changes because the changing colored lights are more obvious. 
I wanted to design the enclosure for it to reflect the piece acting as art. I chose to cut out pieces of black acrylic to create a box to house the electrical components like the Raspberry pi and breadboard. Then on top of the box I created a prism like structure with the hopes that the light in the leds would reflect off of it from underneath like a prism/ disco ball. I also added two thin pieces of clear colored plastic under the prism structure to make the enclosure itself look more artistic. I was inspired by Piet Mondrian with his square compositions, and thought my additions looked like a neon Mondrian. 
